[Music]
every happy couple has their own moments
that help them to express their love and
stay together these moments are usually
the small things that are not logical
and can't be planned in advance well
it's almost impossible to provide a
happiness formula but we tried to draw
it here are eleven signs that your love
will last a lifetime when you're always
ready to make sure she can sleep safely
you can always count on them
when her caring doesn't compromise your
manhood
you prefer to stay in his arms even if
it's not very comfortable
you're trying to survive these hard days
together
you take turns dealing with
inconveniences
and even when you fight you never forget
about the most important things in your
life
you have the same problems
oh you never care what other people
think
you always understand each other
and as long as you are together you
always feel young
by the way one of the most common things
you may have heard about relationships
is that the key to a long and happy
marriage is sex the truth is that the
best marriages engage in a lot of
touching and sex is only one form of it
happy couples hug each other often they
kiss they touch each other while talking
they sit cheek to cheek on the couch
while having a conversation they curl
around each other when they sleep or
they just gaze at the Stars and yes they
go all the way from time to time when
it's right
don't forget to hit the like button
below and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side
[Music]